(upbeat rock music)
♪ Come my lady ♪
♪ Come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady ♪
♪ Come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Such a sexy, sexy pretty little thing ♪
♪ Fierce nipple pierce ♪
♪ You got me sprung
with your tongue ring ♪
♪ And I ain't gonna lie 'cause
your loving gets me high ♪
♪ So to keep you by my side ♪
♪ There's nothing that I won't try ♪
♪ Butterflies in her eyes
and the looks to kill ♪
♪ Time is passing, I'm
asking could this be real ♪
♪ 'Cause I can't sleep,
I can't hold still ♪
♪ The only thing I really
know is she got sex appeal ♪
♪ I can feel, too much is never enough ♪
♪ You're always there to lift me up ♪
♪ When these times get rough ♪
♪ I was lost, now I'm found ♪
♪ Ever since you've been around ♪
♪ You're the women that I want ♪
♪ So yo, I'm putting it down ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ I don't deserve you ♪
♪ Unless it's some kind
of hidden message ♪
♪ To show me life is precious ♪
♪ Then I guess it's true ♪
♪ But to tell truth, I really never knew ♪
♪ 'Til I met you, see, I
was lost and confused ♪
♪ Twisted and used up ♪
♪ Knew a better life existed
but thought that I missed it ♪
♪ My lifestyle's wild, I was
living like a wild child ♪
♪ Trapped on a short leash,
paroled in police files ♪
♪ So yo, what's happening now ♪
♪ I see the sun breaking
down into dark clouds ♪
♪ And a vision of you
standing out in a crowd, so ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Hey sugar mama, come and dance with me ♪
♪ The smartest thing you ever
did was take a chance with me ♪
♪ Whatever tickles your fancy ♪
♪ Girl, it's me and you
like Sid and Nancy ♪
♪ So sexy, almost evil, talkin'
'bout butterflies in my head ♪
♪ I used to think happy endings ♪
♪ Were only in the books I read ♪
♪ But you made me feel alive
when I was almost dead ♪
♪ You filled that empty space
with the love I used to chase ♪
♪ And as far as I can see, it
don't get better than this ♪
♪ So butterfly, here is a song
and it's sealed with a kiss ♪
♪ And a thank you, miss ♪
♪ Come and dance with me ♪
♪ So come and dance with me ♪
♪ Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come my lady, come, come my lady ♪
♪ You're my butterfly, sugar baby ♪
♪ Come my lady, you're my pretty baby ♪
♪ I'll make your legs shake ♪
♪ You make me go crazy ♪
♪ Come and dance with me ♪
♪ Uh-huh, uh-huh ♪